so this is my ride it's pretty badass
I have a dub logo on there some Dodge
Stratus arty yeah 10 satellites
black rims on it because did this custom
paint job breaking stripes got this idea
from fast and furious the Nissan Skyline
Paul Walker jokes are G pins I need to
change my front bumper right there
racing stripes the red calipers painted
those rims couple weeks ago super tense
and I googled see if there's other cars
on the dart Stratasys that have super
tens on it and haven't found one I also
always found super 40s or super 40
floors so I think my car is actually
pretty cute me
pretty sure there's other cars out there
to have that
back
so it's pretty loud
pretty pretty loud that's my uh be
dissing my desert